<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@eppo/js-client-sdk](./js-client-sdk.md)

## js-client-sdk package

## Classes

<table><thead><tr><th>

Class


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[ChromeStorageEngine](./js-client-sdk.chromestorageengine.md)


</td><td>

Chrome storage implementation of a string-valued store for storing a configuration and its metadata.

This serializes the entire configuration object into a string and then stores it to a single key within the object for another single top-level key. Same with metadata about the store (e.g., when it was last updated).

Note: this behaves a bit differently than local storage as the chrome storage API gets and sets subsets of key-value pairs, so we have to dereference or re-specify the key.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[EppoJSClient](./js-client-sdk.eppojsclient.md)


</td><td>

Client for assigning experiment variations.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[EppoPrecomputedJSClient](./js-client-sdk.eppoprecomputedjsclient.md)


</td><td>

Client for assigning precomputed experiment variations.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Functions

<table><thead><tr><th>

Function


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[buildStorageKeySuffix(apiKey)](./js-client-sdk.buildstoragekeysuffix.md)


</td><td>

Builds a storage key suffix from an API key.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getConfigUrl(apiKey, baseUrl)](./js-client-sdk.getconfigurl.md)


</td><td>

Used to build the URL for fetching the flag configuration.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getInstance()](./js-client-sdk.getinstance.md)


</td><td>

Used to access a singleton SDK client instance. Use the method after calling init() to initialize the client.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getPrecomputedInstance()](./js-client-sdk.getprecomputedinstance.md)


</td><td>

Used to access a singleton SDK precomputed client instance. Use the method after calling precomputedInit() to initialize the client.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[init(config)](./js-client-sdk.init.md)


</td><td>

Initializes the Eppo client with configuration parameters. This method should be called once on application startup.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[offlineInit(config)](./js-client-sdk.offlineinit.md)


</td><td>

Initializes the Eppo client with configuration parameters.

The purpose is for use-cases where the configuration is available from an external process that can bootstrap the SDK.

This method should be called once on application startup.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[offlinePrecomputedInit(config)](./js-client-sdk.offlineprecomputedinit.md)


</td><td>

Initializes the Eppo precomputed client with configuration parameters.

The purpose is for use-cases where the precomputed assignments are available from an external process that can bootstrap the SDK.

This method should be called once on application startup.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[precomputedInit(config)](./js-client-sdk.precomputedinit.md)


</td><td>

Initializes the Eppo precomputed client with configuration parameters. This method should be called once on application startup.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Interfaces

<table><thead><tr><th>

Interface


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[IClientConfig](./js-client-sdk.iclientconfig.md)


</td><td>

Configuration for regular client initialization


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[IClientConfigSync](./js-client-sdk.iclientconfigsync.md)


</td><td>

Configuration interface for synchronous client initialization.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[IPrecomputedClientConfig](./js-client-sdk.iprecomputedclientconfig.md)


</td><td>

Configuration for Eppo precomputed client initialization


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[IPrecomputedClientConfigSync](./js-client-sdk.iprecomputedclientconfigsync.md)


</td><td>

Configuration parameters for initializing the Eppo precomputed client.

This interface is used for cases where precomputed assignments are available from an external process that can bootstrap the SDK client.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Variables

<table><thead><tr><th>

Variable


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[NO\_OP\_EVENT\_DISPATCHER](./js-client-sdk.no_op_event_dispatcher.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
